Fix debugging for browser-based tests, add debugging section to CONTRIBUTING.md (#7767)
iTwin/itwinjs-core: README.md

3. Build source: `rush build`
4. Run tests: `rush cover`

> For more information, our [Contributing guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md) contains detailed instructions on typical source code editing workflows, debugging tests, our contribution standards, FAQs, instructions on how to post questions and et cetera.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
​For more information, please refer to our [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/iTwin/itwinjs-core/pull/7767/CONTRIBUTING.md), which provides detailed instructions on source code editing workflows, debugging tests, contribution standards, FAQs, and guidelines for posting questions.​
```

Author: addressed
